Jayson Pitta - jrp289Eshan Wadhwa - ew324Asst3: DUMBPurpose: The purpose of this project was to make a message broker that would work with a client and server, with a number of clients being able to look at and edit the messages in the server, which stored all the information.Design: The message box and messages within it were stored within a combination of a linked list with a specific struct and queues in order to keep them all well-organized. These are all stored in the server and accessed through commands given to the server by the client, who communicate between each other using sockets and constant loops to keep them connected and be able to send new commands to the server.Testcases:1) After connecting to the server with the port 4999, I used the CREAT command to make a message box called msgBox1. I then used the OPNBX command to open and use it and placed 3 messages in there with the PUTMG command. Then I used the NXTMG to check through it to see if it could go through all the messages. I then used the CLSBX command to close the box, and then DELBX to delete it. I tried opening that box again, but got an error, as I should have. I then used the GDBYE command to cut my connection with the server.2) This test case was to test the error in opening a nonexistent box, so I would use the OPNBX command to try and open a box that was not there, and as expected I got an error.3) This test case was to test the error of creating a box with the same name as another one, so I used CREAT to make the box msgBox1, then tried to CERAT it again and got an error4) This test case was to check the NXTMG command to see if there would be an error after going through all messages in a box and still trying to go next, so after making a message box I would put 5 messages in it, and then use the NXTMG command to go through all 5 of them, and try it one more time. Like expected, I received an error.5) This test case was to try and use PUTMG when I didn't have a message box open, so after connecting with the server, I would first try to use PUTMG to place a message and got an error.6) This test case was to use DELBX command on a box that didn't exist, so after connecting to the server I would use the DELBX on a nonexistent box and got the expected error.Summary:This project made us develop a working server-client relationship and understand socket programming better. Through implementing different commands to create a message broker, we have successfully implemented our knowledge of socket programming.